docs: add sql client post (#903)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/blog/top-open-source-sql-clients.md

![starhistory](/static/blog/os-sql-clients/starhistory.webp)

## SQL Chat

[SQL Chat](https://github.com/sqlchat/sqlchat) is a young player (released in March, 2023), prompting SQL clients from the traditional GUI-based to the Chat-based stage: it's powered by ChatGPT to write and polish SQL for you. Databases supported now include MySQL, PostgreSQL and MSSQL. You can access it directly via [sqlchat.ai](https://www.sqlchat.ai/) or deploy it via Docker.

SQL Chat launched on [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/sql-chat-2) mid April,and it gained lots of attention that there's a limit to the free service ATM ><

![sqlchat](/static/blog/os-sql-clients/sqlchat.webp)

## DBeaver

[DBeaver](https://github.com/dbeaver/dbeaver) is a veteran SQL client. In addition to basic visualization and management capabilities, it has a SQL editor, data and schema migration capabilities, monitor database connections, and more. It supports a full range of databases (both SQL and NoSQL). DBeaver is also hooked up with GPT-3, which converts your natural language to SQL.

![dbeaver](/static/blog/os-sql-clients/dbeaver.webp)

> It's worth noting that DBeaver just [announced](https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/11/dbeaver-takes-6m-seed-investment-to-build-on-growing-popularity/) a $6M seed round two weeks ago (the press release also mentions that DBeaver has over 8M users and 5,000+ paying subscribers), and the first since the company was founded in 2017.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's worth noting that DBeaver just [announced](https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/11/dbeaver-takes-6m-seed-investment-to-build-on-growing-popularity/) a $6M seed round two weeks ago (the press release also mentions that DBeaver has over 8M users and 5,000+ paying subscribers), and the first since the author built it in 2013.
```
